{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://epsilonnutau.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://epsilonnutau.org/}}
\f0\fs24    use this link on the ENT Nation's First\'85 Photo.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://epsilonnutau.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/ENT_Constitution_2011-Rev.12.18.11.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://epsilonnutau.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/ENT_Constitution_2011-Rev.12.18.11.pdf}}   the ENT constitution.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://epsilonnutau.org/2014/05/theta-chapter/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://epsilonnutau.org/2014/05/theta-chapter/}}   Founding of our Theta Chapter article\
\
Professional Entrepreneurship Fraternity\
Twitter- @ENTPurdue\
Instagram- ent_purdue\
Facebook- ENT - Purdue University Theta Chapter\
Linkedin- Not created yet\
For questions, contact us at entrfraternity@gmail.com\
\
HISTORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\f1\fs28 \cf2 In early 2008, a group of like-minded individuals at the University of Dayton saw the opportunity to design a unique coed fraternal organization built upon the ideals of entrepreneurship. These early Founders realized the great potential in building such a network as entrepreneurship is one of the fastest growing majors on college campuses and a strong trend among young professionals.\
Later that year on April 18, 2008, Epsilon Nu Tau, the Nation\'92s First Entrepreneurship Fraternity was established. ENT is based upon a professional and entrepreneurial mindset, with fellowship and community as its backbone.\
Epsilon Nu Tau has been in operation for more than three years and has most recently launched its Epsilon Chapter at Ohio University in Athens, OH.\
Current plans include launching additional chapters during 2011, with more on the way for 2012. As the ENT network grows, members shall benefit from enhanced collaboration, connections, and brotherly love between chapters across the US and beyond.\
\
PURPOSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\b\fs42 \cf2 To create a society and community of entrepreneurially spirited individuals.
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\fs28 \cf2 Learn how to operate a business, collaborate with like-minded creative students, and meet successful entrepreneurs.\'a0 ENT is open to all diligent college students who would like to expand their business knowledge and integrate entrepreneurial activities and sales experience into their extracurricular activities.\'a0 Any bright student, regardless of their major, has the potential to establish and operate a successful company!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\b\fs42 \cf2 To advance the ideals of professionalism & entrepreneurship.
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\fs28 \cf2 Members strive for daily improvement and a constant increase in value; much like a high-growth business.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\b\fs42 \cf2 To promote the art and science of salesmanship.
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\fs28 \cf2 On campus sales activities and practices are important to the development any student. Regardless of the industry or career you seek, one must \'93sell\'94 them self daily. Whether it is a job interview, networking event, awards banquet, or even a hot date\'85confidence and first impressions are crucial.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\b\fs42 \cf2 To encourage ethical business practices within the community and contribute to the welfare of society.
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\fs28 \cf2 Consumers and companies alike want to deal with ethical companies who provide them with the best quality products and services, with no hidden fees or schemes attached.\'a0 Every handshake should be accompanied by a friendly, smiling face.\
\
CHAPTER STRUCTURE\
While following the guidelines within the ENT National Constitution, each Chapter of ENT creates and maintains its own unique Chapter By-Laws. Each college campus is different; each Chapter has its own goals, traditions, processes, and ways of conducting business. The following is a sample chapter hierarchy:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\fs36 \cf2 Three Executive Officers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\b\fs28 \cf2 Chief Executive Officer \'96 CEO
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The CEO acts as the public head of the Chapter and will be in charge of starting and ending chapter meetings.\'a0 The following chair positions report to the CEO; Pledge, Rush, Recruiting, and Outreach Chairs.\'a0 The CEO stays in contact with the university to ensure that the chapter is in good standing.\

\b Chief Financial Officer \'96 CFO
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The CFO shall be in charge of all the chapter finances.\'a0 The following chair positions report to the CFO; Accounting, Sales, Webmaster, and Professional Chairs. The CFO will ensure that the chapter retains its \'91ENT goal\'92 of being a professional fraternity.\

\b Chief Operating Officer \'96 COO
\b0 \uc0\u8232 The COO shall be in charge of arranging and informing the chapter of all weekly meetings as well the general opeation of the chapter. The following chairs will report to the COO; Marketing, Secretary, Ritual, & Social Chairs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa40

\fs36 \cf2 \
Chair Positions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100

\b\fs28 \cf2 Accounting Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Assist the CFO in the management of the financial books of the chapter, document all chapters\'92 financial transactions, and collect all chapter dues.\

\b Marketing Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Promote and raise awareness for Epsilon Nu Tau in the community.\

\b Outreach Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Create and execute service events for the chapter, raise money for donation to local and national charities, and promote events to non-members around the community.\

\b Pledge Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Assist pledges during the pledge process and organize/lead weekly pledge meetings.\

\b Recruiting Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Meet with and contact potential universities around the country to help promote Epsilon Nu Tau on a National level.\

\b Professional Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Create and execute professional events and establish networking opportunities for the chapter.\

\b Ritual Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Ensure that traditions of Epsilon Nu Tau are upheld. They are to work with the pledges and make sure that they have learned the tradition and administrator a test to verify this. They are also in control of all ceremonies.\

\b Rush Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Organize and execute all rush events. They must also raise awareness on campus for these events.\

\b Salesperson Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Develop products & organize sales outings for sale on campus. They must research and teach different sales techniques to the members.\

\b Secretary Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Record attendance and minutes at weekly chapter meetings.\

\b Social Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Increase social interaction between the chapter members by creating, obtaining approval of, and organizing sponsored social events on campus.\

\b Webmaster Chair
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Work with all Executives and Chairs to coordinate all chapter operations with the chapter website and to update website on a continuous basis.}